so we've got puppets we've got a staging
know what we want to do you want to give
it our puppet some form of emotion the
main thing you need to remember with
your puppet is to constantly to keep it
alive so it needs to be moving doesn't
have to be doing this I've seen other
people than the puppets are sort of like
way out of the control one thing if
you're not actually doing anything
you're not talking to it it's just gonna
be looking around the room so just keep
it alive like now one of the things I
think is the best thing to look at if
you're thinking about emotions for
animals is to watch dogs dogs are
absolutely brilliant at this you've got
a happy dog a happy dog is a bouncy dog
he's like this his tails gonna be going
this one still doesn't go great well
he's gonna sit there and he's gonna be
all bouncy and a bit fast and maybe a
bit erratic
he's gonna go an unhappy dog sad dog
it's gonna be lower his head's probably
gonna hang and he's just gonna be slower
won't be so nice shy animals eyes are
always great for children's shows and
things things a shy puppet shy animal
it's gonna want to hide it's gonna want
to get educated on what to hide it might
come out slowly and then back in a
little bit more each time
little bit braver a braver until
eventually it won't come out it's a
little bit like the same movements as a
sad creature but maybe a little bit more
inquisitive among stretching let's go
look again a fairly slow in its
movements so we've got a shiny one
they've got a happy one I think that
like about the dogs is confused it's
just two to one sizing hmm we give them
two different sizes so we got the shy
happy cheeky cheeky that come here come
here
cheeky ones tend to be doing something
off don't leave him alone no leave that
no leave that one alone
you sit there no it's okay
no come tell them off they might go sad
bring back there we go
it's a few little emotions you can put
in your puppet to give it